
# Setup

- Create VC, link (and update password)
- Upload Pare et al. 2015
- Prepare copies of the review types (for classification)

# Introduction

- I am not an expert in all topics. 
- I have experience with the method, how to ensure a good methodological fit, how to present and develop review papers in a compelling manner.
- Prior experience: TA for 50 PhD students from different management disciplines

- Ask students to write their topics and names on the whiteboard (one after the other, writing similar topics next to each other)

# Goals

Typical research questions:

Ask students whether anyone has a research question that fits to one of the four categories

- Testing: How effective are chatbot interventiosn for behavioral outcomes?
- Describing. What are the methods and contexts considered by TAM-research?
- Explaining: Why is attentional control inefficient in context X?
- Understanding: How do current research designs restrict our understandign of attention control theory?


## After Paré 2015 reading

- What is your review type?
- Summarize the key characteristics
- For which review type would grey literature be relevant? Which review type is the most/least structured?
- If you were a journal editor/PhD student, which type would you prefer? (-> connect to frequency table: theoretical reviews are often pursued)


## Before classification exercise

- Discuss reading strategy (skim headings/figures etc)
- Ask students to take notes: which parts (figures/statements) led to your decisions?


## Classification results

- Otte-Trojel2016: Realist review
- King2006b: Meta-analysis
- Melville2004: Theoretical
- Kitsiou2017: Umbrella
- Belanger2011: Critical
- Petter2008: Qualitative systematic
- Powell2004: Scoping
- Shim2002: Narrative
- Seuring2013: Descriptive


# Steps

Ask students to adopt the perspective of a reviewer and scrutinize methodological choices


# Problem formulation

Examples:

- gap spotting: applying and testing transaction cost economics in different empirical contexts (different organizations/geographies)
- problematization: transformational leadership theory is often glorified with a focus on the positive outcomes. A problematization approach may consider unintended outcomes (e.g., promoting groupthink or suppressing dissenting opinions within an organization)


# Screening (reliability)

See notes-screening-reliability.jpg

# Inductive

Have students analyze, code in groups

Q: What are the key processes across extracted documents?

inductive-coding-result.jpg

# Data extraction

- For "training": show RCT.jpg.
- Highlight the need to have a clear plan (e.g., which follow-up will be considered?)

Solution (LRTracker - data extraction fig 4)


